The time has come at last.
Have everything?
All clear, sir.
[TWILIGHT]
Appearances in order?
All clear, sir.
[TWILIGHT] And how will
you be speaking today?
Like this, please!
Got it, please.
[TWILIGHT] I certainly don't
feel good about this,
but we've done all that we can.
[TWILIGHT] Onward to the
Eden College interview!
[YOR]
It's huge!
[TWILIGHT] It is the country's
premier prep school.
[YOR] And there are
so many applicants.
[TWILIGHT]
You mean rivals.
Will you be okay
in this crowd, Anya?
Think so, please!
Let's move.
[TWILIGHT]
This feeling, I know it well.
There's no mistaking it.
Someone's watching us.
Perhaps an enemy hidden
in the crowd?
[ANYA]
An enemy?
[YOR]
I feel someone's gaze.
[TWILIGHT]
No, that's not it.
We're not the only
ones being watched.
It's unpleasant, regardless.
Hm? Gotcha.
Four overhead,
four in the bell tower,
and more in the
windows to the sides.
I've gathered intel on
the majority of the staff
at this school, and who's
watching are the instructors.
They're observing every action
that each applicant takes
and scoring them to see
if they're worthy of moving on.
In other words, the exam
has already begun.
I need you two to
be on your guard.
The examiners are everywhere.
Huh?
[TWILIGHT]
Just stick to the plan.
[INSTRUCTOR A]
D-68, fail.
[INSTRUCTOR B]
A-12, fail.
[INSTRUCTOR G]
G-114, pass.
[HENDERSON] We've some poor
examinees this year.
They all lack any true elegance.
[INSTRUCTORS] Good morning
to you, Housemaster.
[HENDERSON] To think their
crude feet are trudging upon
the blessed ground
of our school.
Elegance is at the
root of tradition.
Elegance is what will bring
about a better world.
Fail any family without
it immediately.
[INSTRUCTOR C]
Yes, sir.
[HENDERSON]
Hm?
Oh.
[HENDERSON] It appears that
not all hope has been lost.
Hm?
They are paying respects to
the statue of our late founder.
[TWILIGHT]
I am a man of a thousand faces.
My very existence
relies on being
exactly who my target
wants me to be.
Like this.
[YOR]
I haven't the slightest clue
as to who this gentleman is,
but if I follow Loid's lead,
everything will work out, right?
[ANYA]
Baldy-baldy!
Why... that was elegant!
Very elegant, indeed!
Who is that family?
[INSTRUCTOR D]
K-212. The Forgers, sir.
Their daughter Anya just barely
passed the written exam
with a score of 31.
[HENDERSON] Inelegant in
score and in handwriting.
Oh. Ahem.
So the father's remarried?
Could they be a fake family
for the sake of admission?
I don't know.
We'll have to find out.
We must ascertain whether or not
they have true elegance.
[INSTRUCTOR H]
We'll confirm your interview
appointments here!
[INSTRUCTOR E]
G-114, continue on to Hall One.
Uh, A-12? You're
over in Hall Two.
[TWILIGHT]
They're already classifying us.
[INSTRUCTOR E]
You're K-212, huh?
It's straight ahead to Hall One.
We're still being observed.
Keep your guard up.
It's so nerve-racking
being watched like this.
[ANYA]
I kinda gotta pick my nose.
No, you do not.
[BOY A]
Oh, no!
I've accidentally fallen
into the gutter,
and now I can't get out!
[TWILIGHT]
Hm. An obvious test.
No one's approaching him.
They're suspicious, too.
But if I'm right, then we
need to deal with him.
[BOY A]
Oh, woe is me!
[gasps]
[ANYA]
Papa! Mama!
Someone needs our help, please!
Let's save him, please!
Anyone?
[TWILIGHT]
Are you all right?
[BOY A] Ah! I've slipped
and I cannot get up...
[BOY A] Remember,
you need that extra credit!
[HENDERSON chuckles]
[HENDERSON] Precisely, you're
heading to an interview.
You wouldn't sully your
clothes with sewage.
Now, how will you elegantly
get past this obsta--?
[BOY A yelps]
[gasps]
So, are you hurt?
Here's my hanky, please?
You should go to the
nurse just in case.
[HENDERSON]
I expected too much.
In the end they're just
some commoners.
No one sets foot in
our garden of learning
wearing soiled clothes.
[HENDERSON]
Throw K-212 out immediately.
[BOY A]
Aww, man.
These nice people are
gonna fail because of me.
Hey, um, I'm really sorr--
[YOR]
Glad we anticipated this.
What would we have done
if we hadn't brought a change
of clothes with us?
[HENDERSON]
Who in their right mind
would ever anticipate
something like that?
Besides, now that we've
seen everyone else,
I think your grey
suit fits in better.
Yes, if we hadn't changed,
I'd have looked like a
commoner for the interview.
Thank you for giving us the
opportunity to reevaluate, lad.
[gasps]
[HENDERSON] On top of that,
they even thanked the boy!
Brilliant! Such an
intelligent move!
And so very elegant!
Curse your cunning, Loid Forger.
Housemaster,
we're testing the child?
[HENDERSON] Silence!
Children emulate their parents!
Which means, if she's
worth 31 points,
then so are they!
I'll make you reveal
your true identity yet!
[bell clanging]
[TWILIGHT]
Hm?
[MAN A]
Oh, no!
The animals have escaped
the farmhouse!
[TWILIGHT] Bit much for
a test, don't you think?
[WOMAN A]
Hey, don't push!
[TWILIGHT] Maybe they think
we'll show our true colors
in an emergency.
We'll be playing right into
their hands if we panic.
Don't break Formation D.
We'll handle these
animals with grace!
[HENDERSON] Hey. Whose
ridiculous idea was this?
Wait, it wasn't yours?
[HENDERSON] Don't tell me...
Is this an actual crisis?!
There are very important people
among the examinees!
Go stop this mess
before they're hurt!
[VICE MINISTER A] I'm number two
at the Ministry of Finance!
[BANKER A] So what? I'm the CEO
of the Central Bank!
Wait for me! Father!
Ah! Well done, young man!
You're safe.
Loid! It's happening again.
[TWILIGHT]
The mass panic must've hit her.
[TWILIGHT] I've had it up
to here with these tests.
[TWILIGHT] That must be
the leader of the herd.
I need to stop them.
I do have my gun, but...
[YOR]
Watch Anya for a moment.
[TWILIGHT]
Yor?
[gasps]
[YOR]
It's not what you think!
I learned about the
pressure points
connected to movement in
yoga classes years ago!
I thought they might
work on cows, too!
Don't look at me like that!
[gasps]
Ms. Cow? Are you scared?
Uh! Stay away from it!
[gasps]
S'okay, please.
Don't be afraid.
What did I say?
Ah.
They're all going home now.
[TWILIGHT]
Hm. Apparently so.
We're lucky that
no one was hurt.
[HENDERSON]
S-S-S-S-Such ele--!
[HENDERSON screams]
Such elegance!
[INSTRUCTOR C]
Housemaster?
[HENDERSON]
Forger!
[TWILIGHT] I recognize him.
One of the housemasters.
Is he in charge of this exam?
I thank you for your assistance.
Also, you have bested
me for today.
To give us all time to collect
ourselves after this chaos,
we'll be briefly
delaying the interviews.
Return to the hall once
you've had a moment
to tidy yourselves.
After today, your family has the
right to apply to our school.
Sir?
[TWILIGHT] Looks like we
haven't failed just yet.
[TWILIGHT]
I thank you for your generosity,
but there's no need for a delay.
We anticipated this and prepared
another change of clothes.
[HENDERSON] Uh! This is
no longer about elegance!
These people are just scary.
[NARRATOR] And so, the Forgers
made it to the actual interview.
[SWAN]
These are basic questions.
Why even apply if you
can't answer them?
[BOY C]
Huh?
Cat got your tongue, boy?
I-- Um, uh...
[FATHER A]
Thank you all very much.
Come on, what kind of a
pathetic answer was that?
[BOY C cries]
[TWILIGHT] I've been a spy
for over a decade,
and for the first time,
I'm actually nervous.
I've gone undercover
in a dangerous
terrorist organization.
I've stopped a nuclear
missile from launching
with only one second
left on the countdown.
But nothing compares to this.
Hinging my success on civilians
is truly terrifying.
Next family. The Forgers.
--[TWILIGHT, YOR] Here.
--[ANYA] Yes!
[TWILIGHT]
There's no doubt.
This is the most crucial
moment of Operation Strix.
[TWILIGHT]
Thank you for having us.
[HENDERSON]
There you are.
[TWILIGHT]
This is information warfare,
and the Forgers
will not be outdone.
[EVANS] Well then, we usually
like to start these off
by asking a few questions
of the parents.
[TWILIGHT] The housemaster of
Malcom Hall, the fifth dorm.
Mild-mannered, sincere,
and conservative.
The students are
very fond of him.
As long as we respond with
earnest, logical answers,
we'll score highly with him.
[EVANS] I was informed that
this is your second wife.
May I ask how you two met?
[TWILIGHT]
Straight to the point, eh?
Eden College does care
about family values.
We met at a tailor shop.
The very one this school uses
for its uniforms, in fact.
I was in awe at how gracefully
she carried herself.
Having lost my first wife, and
with a daughter to take care of,
I was hesitant to pursue
a new relationship.
But the more we spoke,
the more I knew we
were kindred spirits.
She's truly kind and cares
dearly about family.
I could tell she would get
along well with my daughter.
[EVANS] Ah, and what
do you think of him?
Well, I think Loid's
a great person.
He loves his daughter
more than anything.
And he's quite considerate
of me as well.
[EVANS]
Hmm.
I'm happy to hear you have
such an affectionate family.
Why would an attractive
young woman such as you
even want to marry
a man with baggage?
That was rather uncouth,
Master Swan.
[TWILIGHT] Housemaster of
the second dorm, Cline Hall.
He's the only son of the former
headmaster, and a legacy hire.
Arrogant, greedy, and callous.
His wife filed for
divorce last month,
and he just lost custody
of his daughter as well.
Judging by his demeanor in
the previous interviews,
he's clearly jealous
of other families
and treats them poorly.
It's best we avoid
provoking him.
Now onto our next question.
Could you tell us why it is you
chose to apply to our school?
For one reason.
[TWILIGHT] To get close
to my target, Desmond!
The instructors at
this establishment
are second to none.
Obviously, you're all very
knowledgeable and cultured,
but more importantly,
I want my child to stand
among this country's elite.
And the faculty of the
prestigious Eden College
is the most qualified to
prepare her for greatness.
[HENDERSON]
Elegantly done, Loid Forger.
I knew I saw potential in you.
I see.
I would love to hear one of
you describe your daughter
in your own word next.
Strengths, weaknesses.
Your honesty is a
given, of course.
[TWILIGHT]
Of course.
Anya is an extremely
curious child.
I suppose one could argue that
her nosy nature is a weakness,
but it stems from
her intelligence.
[HENDERSON]
Her intelligent?
[ANYA gasps]
Sometimes she sees
right through me,
and I'd swear she's
reading my mind.
It keeps me on my toes.
I'd say her main flaw
is she's a picky eater.
[EVANS]
Hmm.
And would you be so
kind as to illustrate
your parenting style
for us, madam?
[YOR]
Just like we practiced.
As you are already well aware,
I'm not her biological mother,
so at first, I spoiled her.
I hoped it would help
me win her favor.
But I've had to learn
to be a bit stricter.
Now I strive for balance
so she'll grow into
a fine young lady.
Your husband just
mentioned your daughter
is a bit of a picky eater,
which begs the question,
what kind of meals
do you cook at home?
Huh? What meals
do I cook? I, uh--
I actually do most
of the cooking.
Of course, when I'm too busy to,
my wife's kind enough
to fill in for me.
[TWILIGHT]
Not that that's ever happened.
[SWAN]
You're joking!
What kind of wife doesn't
even cook for her husband?
You should probably be
stricter with yourself
before you worry
about that child.
Everyone has strengths
and weaknesses.
She is extremely tidy and
keeps our house spotless.
She's also an excellent
mother to my daughter.
[SWAN] Yes, well, those are
all things I'd hope a woman
would excel at, don't you agree?
That's not--
It's okay, Loid. Don't worry.
[EVANS]
Now, now.
[TWILIGHT]
Yes. Calm down.
Why are you getting so
irritated, Twilight?
I mean, she's not
even your real wife.
[SWAN] Tch. Look at these
pretty little lovebirds.
I could puke.
I'll just keep jabbing away
at them until they slip up.
If these smug idiots don't fail,
there's no justice in the world.
[ANYA]
He doesn't like Papa and Mama!
I gotta pick up the slack!
[EVANS] Uh, anyway, why don't
we ask the child herself
a few questions now.
[TWILIGHT]
Here it comes.
[EVANS] First, could you tell us
your name and address, please?
My name's Anya Holger!
And my address is in Berlint.
West District,
120... 8 Park Avenue!
[EVANS]
Thank you very much.
And what do you do
on your days off?
[ANYA]
We go to museums and eat operas.
[TWILIGHT] Good. They're asking
questions we prepared for.
[EVANS]
What would you like to do
once you get into this school?
I, uh, maybe...
[ANYA]
What was it?
[TWILIGHT]
I know what I'll do.
Get close to Desmond, boss
of the enemy organization,
at a social gathering and
find out what he's planning.
I'll find out what the
organization boss is planning!
[TWILIGHT]
Wait, what is she saying?
[EVANS]
The organization boss?
Perhaps you meant
the headmaster.
[TWILIGHT chuckles]
I apologize. My daughter is
rather ambitious, you see.
She's very curious about
the lives of people
in leadership positions.
[HENDERSON]
Oh, she wants to learn
from her predecessors
at such an early age.
That's quite elegant.
Then I trust you know the name
of our headmaster, young lady?
Oh, yeah. Be-- Be--
[TWILIGHT]
Yes. Benedict Ivan Goodfellow.
Mister Benedick
Advent Goodhellow.
[HENDERSON]
Hmm.
How about this, do you
truly understand how hard
one has to work to
succeed as he has?
It's like trying to get through
a jungle with no supplies,
or dancing with death over
and over to get brave,
like disarming bombs and stuff!
[TWILIGHT] She just described
that training montage
in your spy cartoon.
[HENDERSON]
Such incredible resolve!
It appears I've underestimated
this young lady.
I don't think it would
be that tough,
but you've got the spirit.
Anyway, on another topic,
what does your father
do for a living?
He's a sp-- Father's a
spectacular psychiatrist.
[EVANS] A little stuffed
up are we? Poor thing.
Now then, you've
got a new mother,
how do you feel about her?
[ANYA]
She's very nice.
But she's scary sometimes.
If I were to ask you to
give your parents a score,
what would it be?
Out of anything.
A perfect hundred points.
They're so much fun, and I
love them very, very much.
I wanna be with them forever.
[SWAN] Ugh. God, no one
needs this rubbish.
Well, between your
new and old mother,
who would you give
a higher score?
Master Swan.
[SWAN]
What?
May I please request
a different question?
You may not. She answers
or loses points.
[TWILIGHT] I don't know how she
ended up in that orphanage,
but there's a good chance
her parents are...
Mom... my...
Anya.
[ANYA]
Mommy.
[SWAN]
Well, that answers that.
So you do prefer
your old mother.
This is cruel!
Let's calm down, Yor.
But she--
[TWILIGHT]
Remain calm for the mission.
[SWAN] The students in our dorms
rarely even see their parents.
We don't need crybabies.
If that brought her to tears,
she'll never survive
at our establishment.
[TWILIGHT] Who cares if
he's being slanderous?
We're nothing more
than a pretend family.
This doesn't matter at all.
Whoa, Misses Second Wife.
Don't snap at me just because
she loves you less.
[SWAN
Now I feel better.
[TWILIGHT]
Stand down... Twilight!
[thud]
Sorry. There was a mosquito.
Thank you very much
for your time.
Where do you think you're going?
The interview's not over!
If this is what you
call education,
belittling a child's
feelings like that,
then we've chosen
the wrong school.
[gasps]
[SWAN]
What?!
You dare disgrace Eden College?!
[TWILIGHT]
Come along, you two.
Please excuse us.
You'll never set foot in my
school again, you hear me?!
[HENDERSON] Master Swan,
that is quite enough.
Are you taking issue
with my processes?
He may not be the
current headmaster,
but my father still
has sway here.
It'd be wise for you to
watch that mouth of yours.
Now, hurry up and
call the next one in!
[TWILIGHT] And the faculty of
the prestigious Eden College
is the most qualified to
prepare her for greatness.
[HENDERSON] Those who grovel
at the feet of the powerful
have no right to call
themselves educators.
[HENDERSON] He was not the one
who disgraced our school today.
Huh?
[HENDERSON] Hmm. All things
with elegance, I say.
And with that, I can face
you with the pride
of an Eden College
educator, Forgers.
[TWILIGHT]
That's it, we failed.
[YOR]
Um, I'll go make us some tea.
[TWILIGHT]
Again, I've failed as a spy.
I let my feelings get in
the way of the mission.
[ANYA]
Papa. I'm so sorry.
I shoulda done better
at the interview.
I'm really sorry.
[TWILIGHT] It's all right.
You have no reason to apologize.
You don't want to go
a school like that.
Huh?
[ANYA]
But I do wanna go to school.
'Cause if your mission fails...
[ANYA]
I have to go to school there.
[ANYA] ...we won't be
together anymore.
Anya.
[YOR]
If she isn't accepted,
then our life
together will be over.
But it's not as though
that matters.
I'm just worried how this could
affect my work, is all.
Yeah, to be totally honest,
things aren't looking so good.
[ANYA gasps]
No. I'm sure it'll be okay!
Everything will work out!
The grandpa with the
glasses and the grandpa
with the half-glasses
were really nice!
[YOR] Yes, exactly!
I know they'll vouch for us!
We just have to believe.
[TWILIGHT]
Spies don't believe in anyone
other than themselves.
They always expect and prepare
for the worst-case scenarios.
[ANYA]
I wanna be with them forever.
[TWILIGHT]
But maybe it wouldn't hurt.
[TWILIGHT] Yeah. Well, it's out
of our hands now anyway.
All we can do is celebrate
our hard work.
[TWILIGHT]
For now, I'll just enjoy this.
To our family's bright future!
Uh! Something fell!
[YOR] That doesn't seem
like a good omen.
It does not.
[NARRATOR] What will become
of the mission now?
[inaudible]